Add mopeka pro check integration docs (#1564)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/mopeka_ble.rst

    Mopeka Check sensors are not supported.

.. figure:: images/mopeka_pro_check.jpg
    :align: center

    Mopeka Pro Check LP over BLE.

.. code-block:: yaml

    esp32_ble_tracker:

    sensor:
    # Example using 20lb vertical propane tank.
    - platform: mopeka_pro_check
      mac_address: D3:75:F2:DC:16:91
      tank_type: 20LB_V
      temperature:
          name: "Propane test temp"
      level:
          name: "Propane test level"
      distance:
          name: "Propane test distance"
      battery_level:
          name: "Propane test battery level"

    # Custom example - user defined empty / full points
    - platform: mopeka_pro_check
      mac_address: D3:75:F2:DC:16:91
      tank_type: CUSTOM
      custom_distance_full: 40cm
      custom_distance_empty: 10mm
      temperature:
          name: "Propane c test temp"
      level:
          name: "Propane c test level"
      distance:
          name: "Propane c test distance"
      battery_level:
          name: "Propane c test battery level"

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **mac_address** (**Required**, MAC Address): The MAC address of the Mopeka
  device.

> - **tank_type** (*Optional*, Default: 20LB_V): The tank type the sensor is
>   measuring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **tank_type** (**Required**): The tank type the sensor is measuring. See below.
```

      level:
          name: "Propane test level"
      distance:
          name: "Propane test distance"
      battery_level:
          name: "Propane test battery level"

    # Custom example - user defined empty / full points
    - platform: mopeka_pro_check
      mac_address: D3:75:F2:DC:16:91
      tank_type: CUSTOM
      custom_distance_full: 40cm
      custom_distance_empty: 10mm
      temperature:
          name: "Propane c test temp"
      level:
          name: "Propane c test level"
      distance:
          name: "Propane c test distance"
      battery_level:
          name: "Propane c test battery level"

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **mac_address** (**Required**, MAC Address): The MAC address of the Mopeka
  device.

- **tank_type** (*Optional*, Default: 20LB_V): The tank type the sensor is
  measuring.

- **custom_distance_full** (*Optional*): distance sensor will read when it should be
  considered full (100%).  This is only used when tank_type = CUSTOM

- **custom_distance_empty** (*Optional*): distance sensor will read when it should be
  considered empty (0%).  This is only used when tank_type = CUSTOM

> - **level** (*Optional*): The percentage of full for the tank sensor
> 
>   - **name** (**Required**, string): The name for the level sensor.
>   - **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Set the ID of this sensor for use
>     in lambdas.
>   - All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.
> 
> - **distance** (*Optional*): The raw distance/depth of the liquid for the sensor in mm.
> 
>   - **name** (**Required**, string): The name for the distance sensor.
>   - **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Set the ID of this sensor for use
>     in lambdas.
>   - All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.
> 
> - **temperature** (*Optional*): The information for the temperature sensor.
>   This temperature is on the sensor and is not calibrated to ambient temperature.
> 
>   - **name** (**Required**, string): The name for the temperature sensor.
>   - **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Set the ID of this sensor for use
>     in lambdas.
>   - All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.
> 
> - **battery_level** (*Optional*): The information for the battery percentage
>   sensor.  Sensor uses a standard CR2032 battery.
> 
>   - **name** (**Required**, string): The name for the battery level sensor.
>   - **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Set the ID of this sensor for use
>     in lambdas.
>   - All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.

Reviewer: The sensor base config has these already, no need to repeat here.
```suggestion
- **level** (*Optional*): The percentage of full for the tank sensor

  - All options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.

- **distance** (*Optional*): The raw distance/depth of the liquid for the sensor in mm.

  - All options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.

- **temperature** (*Optional*): The information for the temperature sensor.
  This temperature is on the sensor and is not calibrated to ambient temperature.

  - All options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.

- **battery_level** (*Optional*): The information for the battery percentage
  sensor.  Sensor uses a standard CR2032 battery.

  - All options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.
```
